So enthusiastic when we first met
The girl is not in a bad mood
Why did the adults hurt others?
Are you angry, sir?
The slave family is the first time
Please treat us well.
First time out of class
Then let the adults teach you how to admit defeat
Man hahahaha
OK
Beauty oops
Don't worry, sir
The slave family still wants to drink more
Accompany others hahaha
Have a few drinks
You can only have fun if you drink too much, hahahaha.
Daughter, you are so white, I hate you.
Let's have a drink
Ah!
Give up
Oops, that's a problem.
What's wrong with you beauty
Come, come, adults will help you
Adults help you hehehe
Got my aphrodisiac umbrella
Even immortals can't escape
Hahaha come on beautiful woman
My baby.
Let me kiss you
Stop hahaha
Hey, hey, hey.